feat(manager/asdf): add support for .tools-versions as used by asdf (#17166)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/asdf/readme.md

Keeps the [asdf](https://asdf-vm.com/manage/configuration.html#tool-versions)
`.tools-versions` file updated.

> Because asdf supports the version management of many different tools, only a few of those that are also supported by renovate will be targeted by this manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because `asdf` supports the version management of many different tools, specific tool support needs to be added one by one.
```
